Deploy and manage h1 changes, xref cleanup for the h1s (#2958)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/quickstart-standalone.md

# Quickstart [k8s-elastic-agent-quickstart]

> 1. Apply the following specification to deploy Elastic Agent with the System metrics integration to harvest CPU metrics from the Agent Pods. ECK automatically configures the secured connection to an {{es}} cluster named `quickstart`, created in [](/deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/elasticsearch-deployment-quickstart.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Apply the following specification to deploy Elastic Agent with the System metrics integration to harvest CPU metrics from the Agent Pods. ECK automatically configures the secured connection to an {{es}} cluster named `quickstart`, created in [](/deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/deploy-an-orchestrator.md).
```

Alternatively, you can rename the file.
